hello everyone in this video I will be
showing you my spell slinger build so
this is the build I've had most success
with in PvP I currently also use this
for PvE without changing anything and
currently I'm able to stay in the top
dem so I don't feel it's necessary yet
to have a separate PvE build however in
the future I might set one up as a
spellsinger we are very mobile with high
burst damage but we also drop fast if we
are caught off guard this is why I've
set up this build with decent enough
utility to keep ourselves in the fight
and maintain the possibility to kite and
destroy our opponents at the same time I
won't be going in every individual skill
but more into the play style of the
build in PvP this is kind of a new setup
for my build videos let me know what you
think of it anyways here's the built you
can see the abilities that I have chosen
for my build with this current bill
there are a couple of ways you can open
up against your opponents the safest way
to start a fight is to start with a
flash freeze this stops your opponents
from moving while they are frozen you
usually have like a couple of seconds
before they will cleanse the ability at
least the skillful players so make sure
that you spell search immediately into
three assassinate switz puffs up your
assassinated maximum damage this allows
you normally I would say if you're
decently geared to burst them down from
a hundred helped to about forty percent
hell depending on your on your set up
and finish up with a spell search while
barrage which allows you to snare your
opponent's while still doing maximum
damage with a hundred percent
armor-piercing this way with the the
channel of your ability you can catch
your opponent's while still maintaining
that that that constant pressure if you
want to be a little bit more aggressive
and this is a way to buff up your damage
even more you can actually start with
your normal quick-draw because we max
that out to tier 8 it gives us a ten
percent of soul power bonus you actually
need to wait for the entire channel of
your quick draw so what you do is you
run in there
you quick draw first you get that ten
percent so power bonus and then you move
into your combo of the flash freeze and
to assassinate into wall barrage now
when your opponents are below thirty
percent health just keep in mind that
assassinates don't need to be sponsored
to do that extra damage so don't waste
your spouse hurts while they're on low
health the flame bursts is mainly just
to use off cooldown it does some decent
pressure creates sometimes up to three K
damage it's a it's a nice ability now
those are our main assault abilities
that we use there now for the extra
utilities that we have is the gate is
the first one which is our stunt that
allows us to teleport forward and
stunning anyone who will pass over now
disability is very situational I usually
do not use this ability unless I know I
can stop an opponent from pressuring me
or multiple ponents are lined up nicely
where I can stun all of them together
and set up my next set of doors with the
wild barrage in too quick draw or even
the assassinates depending on how I want
to set up the pressure if it's going to
be single target or AoE the reason why
you don't really want to use this this
skill just to set up your burst is
because it's an amazing escape ability
now let's say you're being chased down a
warrior staying on top of you constantly
with pressure now this ability will now
allow us to teleport away from the
warrior and and get that nice distance
where we can actually continue our burst
from afar without having the warrior
attack us constantly on top of it so
just make sure to not waste it and get
the full value out of it avoid slip it's
our next utility skill that is also a
very situational ability but mainly used
to remove any kind of nasty snare source
tons when you're expecting an enemy to
burst you down just use that Floyd slip
it'll usually put you in safety I've had
snare still continue Trudy continue
through the void slip so you'll be
snared on location at least many people
still do not know that they should be
still continuing their attacks to hit
you in this in this
they are still able to hit you and
damage you so make sure that you move a
way out of the location as soon as
possible I try to move to a location
where they do not think I'm moving to so
don't try to run toward safety but run
into danger that way they'll probably
run to your safe place expecting you to
go there and you can set yourself up
behind line of sight and then prepare
your next attack or just set up your
healings if needed you can also use
skills in the void slip so don't forget
that if you have any healing abilities
or if you just want to get even more
distance with your gate you can do this
while being in the void slip which also
means that if a spell slinger is about
to run away in void slip let's say it's
about twenty percent health and he's
like yeah I'm I'm about to lose this
duel let me run away you can actually
void slip behind this spell slinger and
you'll be able to see him in that in
that different dimension and you can
actually do come down while being in the
void slip this is something I really
love about this game it's an interesting
mechanic and I'm glad they added this in
finally for our solo survivability in
the open world so PvE open world PvP
dungeons that kind of stuff
battlegrounds you can use astro healing
this is an ability that has a 26-second
cool down which is quite long it usually
gives me the value that I need out of it
which is up to 10,000 healing if it
grits with is quite nice it's about a
third of my health back in one go it's
an instant cast you can also target your
ally if needed to heal him instead this
is an amazing way to support myself
especially when soloing bosses or just
killing players outside
in arenas however though the ceiling is
nerve by quite a bit plus I would rather
have something that would support me and
my Ally more than just a single target
heal so what we do here instead is we
take runes of protection which has a 15
second cooldown and this allows you to
puff yourself and for more allies for
3400 with my current gear and if you
spell search it up to 5757 absorb for 10
seconds with this amazing on such a
short cooldown to have almost 6,000
absorb and you buff up yourself and your
ally this allows you to start up your
fight with a with a decent of extra
absorb but also to let's say your allies
about to get burst down or yourself or
expecting a burst you can you can defend
yourself during that burst just by
casting disability now for the NP setup
I've used up a piece that help us the
most in terms of setting up high burst
and decent buffs and allow us to
maximize our damage potential now keep
in mind this is without all the gems
used also I lack the A&P trigger fingers
currently I will switch out penetrating
rounds for trigger fingers with this one
of the must-have same piece out there so
make sure to keep an eye out for it I
let your friends know that you're
looking for one now this concludes my
build I hope this helps you out let me
know if you want to see anything
specific in terms of my build or any
other content hope you guys have an
amazing day and see you next time
you